As usual, the choices for techniques around CI/CD are numerous.
Let's take a look at how Ellen and Josh are viewing the suite of tools,
and how they apply to TechStream.
As the CTO, Ellen has a decision to make.
Globomantics, being a larger organization,
uses more traditional methods of CI/CD,
including the creation of processes with tools such as Jenkins and Octopus.
Being somewhat still new to AWS,
CodePipeline is a new opportunity to streamline the creation
and management of pipelines and deployments.
TechStream, being a new startup style acquisition,
is nimble enough to be able to use exploratory tools and methods.
As a tech lead for Globomantics,
Josh is anxious to start using the new and modern technologies,
especially around the CDK.
However, since the entire suite of AWS Cloud tools,
including IaC in general, are new to the organization,
Ellen chooses to first formalize and adopt the use of
the CDK as an organization‑wide tool.
Then, down the road, she plans on migrating any existing tools to new technology.
During this adoption phase,
she's decided that basic level‑one constructs will be used to
create simpler pipelines for deployment,
until deployment processes can be folded into Globomantics processes.
Once the adoption phase is complete,
Helen wants to go all in on building fully integrated enterprise
deployment pipelines across the board with CDK pipelines.
With their versatility and ease of use,
these will eventually replace other tools,
such as Jenkins in the organization.
You've already seen a peek at some of the tools available to
avoid tight coupling with context and SSM.
In the next module,
I'll dive more into the tight coupling pitfall, and we'll
refactor our application to follow AWS well‑architected framework best practices around the subject.